docs/getting_started.md, before:

Getting Started
===============

Add the latest web3j version to your project build configuration.

Maven
-----

Java 8:

``` xml
<dependency>
  <groupId>org.web3j</groupId>
  <artifactId>core</artifactId>
  <version>4.5.5</version>
</dependency>
```

Android:

``` xml
<dependency>
  <groupId>org.web3j</groupId>
  <artifactId>core</artifactId>
  <version>4.2.0-android</version>
</dependency>
```

Gradle
------

Java 8:

``` groovy
compile ('org.web3j:core:4.5.5')
```

Android:

``` groovy
compile ('org.web3j:core:4.2.0-android')
```

Start a client
--------------

Start a client
--------------

Start up an Ethereum client if you don't already have one running.

`Geth <https://github.com/ethereum/go-ethereum/wiki/geth>`_:

.. code-block:: bash

   $ geth --rpcapi personal,db,eth,net,web3 --rpc --testnet

`Besu <http://besu.hyperledger.org/>`_:


.. code-block:: bash

   $ besu ----network=dev



`dev` network uses has `some handy default parameters <https://besu.hyperledger.org/en/stable/Reference/Accounts-for-Testing/#development-mode>`_.


`Parity <https://github.com/paritytech/parity>`_:

.. code-block:: bash

   $ parity --chain testnet


`Infura <https://infura.io/>`_, 
Or use which provides **free clients** running in the cloud:

.. code-block:: java

   Web3j web3 = Web3j.build(new HttpService("https://ropsten.infura.io/your-token"));

For further information refer to
`Using Infura with web3j <https://docs.web3j.io/using_infura_with_web3j/>`_

Instructions on obtaining Ether to transact on the network can be found in the
`testnet section of the docs <https://docs.web3j.io/transactions/#ethereum-testnets>`_.

``` java
web3.shutdown()
```

Start sending requests
----------------------

To send synchronous requests:

```java
Web3j web3 = Web3j.build(new HttpService());  // defaults to http://localhost:8545/
Web3ClientVersion web3ClientVersion = web3.web3ClientVersion().send();
String clientVersion = web3ClientVersion.getWeb3ClientVersion();
```

To send asynchronous requests using a CompletableFuture (Future on Android):

```java
Web3j web3 = Web3j.build(new HttpService());  // defaults to http://localhost:8545/
Web3ClientVersion web3ClientVersion = web3.web3ClientVersion().sendAsync().get();
String clientVersion = web3ClientVersion.getWeb3ClientVersion();
```

To use an RxJava Flowable:

```java
Web3j web3 = Web3j.build(new HttpService());  // defaults to http://localhost:8545/
web3.web3ClientVersion().flowable().subscribe(x -> {
    String clientVersion = x.getWeb3ClientVersion();
    ...
});
```

IPC
---

web3j also supports fast inter-process communication (IPC) via file sockets to clients running on the same host as web3j. To connect simply use the relevant *IpcService* implementation instead of *HttpService*
when you create your service:

``` java
// OS X/Linux/Unix:
Web3j web3 = Web3j.build(new UnixIpcService("/path/to/socketfile"));
...

// Windows
Web3j web3 = Web3j.build(new WindowsIpcService("/path/to/namedpipefile"));
...
```

**Note:** IPC is not available on *web3j-android*.

Working with smart contracts with Java smart contract wrappers 
--------------------------------------------------------------

web3j can auto-generate smart contract wrapper code to deploy and interact with smart contracts without leaving the JVM.

To generate the wrapper code, compile your smart contract:

``` bash
$ solc <contract>.sol --bin --abi --optimize -o <output-dir>/
```

Then generate the wrapper code using web3j's [Command Line Tools](command_line_tools.md):

``` bash
web3j solidity generate -b /path/to/<smart-contract>.bin -a /path/to/<smart-contract>.abi -o /path/to/src/main/java -p com.your.organisation.name
```

Now you can create and deploy your smart contract:

```java
Web3j web3 = Web3j.build(new HttpService());  // defaults to http://localhost:8545/
Credentials credentials = WalletUtils.loadCredentials("password", "/path/to/walletfile");

YourSmartContract contract = YourSmartContract.deploy(
        <web3j>, <credentials>,
        GAS_PRICE, GAS_LIMIT,
        <param1>, ..., <paramN>).send();  // constructor params
```

Or use an existing contract:

```java
YourSmartContract contract = YourSmartContract.load(
        "0x<address>|<ensName>", <web3j>, <credentials>, GAS_PRICE, GAS_LIMIT);
```

To transact with a smart contract:

```java
TransactionReceipt transactionReceipt = contract.someMethod(
             <param1>,
             ...).send();
```

To call a smart contract:

```java
Type result = contract.someMethod(<param1>, ...).send();
```

For more information refer to [Solidity smart contract wrappers](smart_contracts.md#solidity-smart-contract-wrappers).

Filters
-------

web3j functional-reactive nature makes it really simple to setup observers that notify subscribers of events taking place on the blockchain.

To receive all new blocks as they are added to the blockchain:

```java
Subscription subscription = web3j.blockFlowable(false).subscribe(block -> {
    ...
});
```

To receive all new transactions as they are added to the blockchain:

```java
Subscription subscription = web3j.transactionFlowable().subscribe(tx -> {
    ...
});
```

To receive all pending transactions as they are submitted to the network (i.e. before they have been grouped into a block together):

```java
Subscription subscription = web3j.pendingTransactionFlowable().subscribe(tx -> {
    ...
});
```

Or, if you'd rather replay all blocks to the most current, and be notified of new subsequent blocks being created:

```java
Subscription subscription = replayPastAndFutureBlocksFlowable(
        <startBlockNumber>, <fullTxObjects>)
        .subscribe(block -> {
            ...
});
```

There are a number of other transaction and block replay Flowables described in [Filters and Events](filters_and_events.md).

Topic filters are also supported:

```java
EthFilter filter = new EthFilter(DefaultBlockParameterName.EARLIEST,
        DefaultBlockParameterName.LATEST, <contract-address>)
             .addSingleTopic(...)|.addOptionalTopics(..., ...)|...;
web3j.ethLogFlowable(filter).subscribe(log -> {
    ...
});
```

Subscriptions should always be cancelled when no longer required:

```Java
subscription.unsubscribe();
```

**Note:** filters are not supported on Infura.

For further information refer to [Filters and Events](filters_and_events.md) and the [Web3jRx](https://github.com/web3j/web3j/blob/master/core/src/main/java/org/web3j/protocol/rx/Web3jRx.java) interface.

Transactions
------------

web3j provides support for both working with Ethereum wallet files (*recommended*) and Ethereum client admin commands for sending transactions.

To send Ether to another party using your Ethereum wallet file:

```Java
Web3j web3 = Web3j.build(new HttpService());  // defaults to http://localhost:8545/
Credentials credentials = WalletUtils.loadCredentials("password", "/path/to/walletfile");
TransactionReceipt transactionReceipt = Transfer.sendFunds(
        web3, credentials, "0x<address>|<ensName>",
        BigDecimal.valueOf(1.0), Convert.Unit.ETHER)
        .send();
```

Or if you wish to create your own custom transaction:

```Java
Web3j web3 = Web3j.build(new HttpService());  // defaults to http://localhost:8545/
Credentials credentials = WalletUtils.loadCredentials("password", "/path/to/walletfile");

// get the next available nonce
EthGetTransactionCount ethGetTransactionCount = web3j.ethGetTransactionCount(
             address, DefaultBlockParameterName.LATEST).send();
BigInteger nonce = ethGetTransactionCount.getTransactionCount();

// create our transaction
RawTransaction rawTransaction  = RawTransaction.createEtherTransaction(
             nonce, <gas price>, <gas limit>, <toAddress>, <value>);

// sign & send our transaction
byte[] signedMessage = TransactionEncoder.signMessage(rawTransaction, credentials);
String hexValue = Numeric.toHexString(signedMessage);
EthSendTransaction ethSendTransaction = web3j.ethSendRawTransaction(hexValue).send();
// ...
```

Although it's far simpler using web3j's [Transfer](https://github.com/web3j/web3j/blob/master/core/src/main/java/org/web3j/tx/Transfer.java) for transacting with Ether.

Using an Ethereum client's admin commands (make sure you have your wallet in the client's keystore):

```Java
Admin web3j = Admin.build(new HttpService());  // defaults to http://localhost:8545/
PersonalUnlockAccount personalUnlockAccount = web3j.personalUnlockAccount("0x000...", "a password").sendAsync().get();
if (personalUnlockAccount.accountUnlocked()) {
    // send a transaction
}
```

If you want to make use of Parity's [Personal](https://github.com/paritytech/parity/wiki/JSONRPC-personal-module) or [Trace](https://github.com/paritytech/parity/wiki/JSONRPC-trace-module), or Geth's [Personal](https://github.com/ethereum/go-ethereum/wiki/Management-APIs#personal) client APIs, you can use the *org.web3j:parity* and *org.web3j:geth* modules respectively.

Publish/Subscribe (pub/sub)
---------------------------

Ethereum clients implement the [pub/sub](https://github.com/ethereum/go-ethereum/wiki/RPC-PUB-SUB) mechanism that provides the capability to subscribe to events from the network, allowing these clients to take custom actions as needed. In doing so it alleviates the need to use polling and is more efficient. This is achieved by using the WebSocket protocol instead of HTTP protocol.

Pub/Sub methods are available via the _WebSocketService_ class, and allows the client to:

-   send an RPC call over WebSocket protocol
-   subscribe to WebSocket events
-   unsubscribe from a stream of events

To create an instance of the _WebSocketService_ class you need to first to create an instance of the _WebSocketClient_ that connects to an Ethereum client via WebSocket protocol, and then pass it to the _WebSocketService_ constructor:

```Java
final WebSocketClient webSocketClient = new WebSocketClient(new URI("ws://localhost/"));
final boolean includeRawResponses = false;
final WebSocketService webSocketService = new WebSocketService(webSocketClient, includeRawResponses)
```

To send an RPC request using the WebSocket protocol one need to use the _sendAsync_ method on the _WebSocketService_ instance:

```java
// Request to get a version of an Ethereum client
final Request<?, Web3ClientVersion> request = new Request<>(
     // Name of an RPC method to call
     "web3_clientVersion",
     // Parameters for the method. "web3_clientVersion" does not expect any
     Collections.<String>emptyList(),
     // Service that is used to send a request
     webSocketService,
     // Type of an RPC call to get an Ethereum client version
     Web3ClientVersion.class);

// Send an asynchronous request via WebSocket protocol
final CompletableFuture<Web3ClientVersion> reply = webSocketService.sendAsync(
                request,
                Web3ClientVersion.class);

// Get result of the reply
final Web3ClientVersion clientVersion = reply.get();
```

To use synchronous communication (i.e send a request and await a
response) one would need to use the _sync_ method instead:

```java
// Send a (synchronous) request via WebSocket protocol
final Web3ClientVersion clientVersion = webSocketService.send(
                request,
                Web3ClientVersion.class);
```

To subscribe to WebSocket events _WebSocketService_ provides the _subscribe_ method. _subscribe_ returns an
instance of the [Flowable](http://reactivex.io/RxJava/2.x/javadoc/io/reactivex/Flowable.html) interface from the RxJava library, which allows the processing of incoming events from an Ethereum network as a reactive stream.

To subscribe to a stream of events you should use _WebSocketService_ to send an RPC method via WebSocket; this is usually _eth_subscribe_. Events that it subscribes to depend on parameters to the _eth_subscribe_ method. You can find more in the [RPC documentation](https://github.com/ethereum/go-ethereum/wiki/RPC-PUB-SUB#supported-subscriptions):

```java
// A request to subscribe to a stream of events
final Request<?, EthSubscribe> subscribeRequest = new Request<>(
    // RPC method to subscribe to events
    "eth_subscribe",
    // Parameters that specify what events to subscribe to
    Arrays.asList("newHeads", Collections.emptyMap()),
    // Service that is used to send a request
    webSocketService,
    EthSubscribe.class);

final Flowable<NewHeadsNotification> events = webSocketService.subscribe(
     subscribeRequest,
     // RPC method that should be used to unsubscribe from events
     "eth_unsubscribe",
     // Type of events returned by a request
     NewHeadsNotification.class
);

// Subscribe to incoming events and process incoming events
final Disposable disposable = events.subscribe(event -> {
    // Process new heads event
});
```

Notice that we need to provide a name of a method to _WebSocketService_ that needs to be called to unsubscribe from a stream of events. This is because different Ethereum clients may have different methods to unsubscribe from particular events. For example, the Parity client requires use of the
_parity_unsubscribe_ method to unsubscribe from [pub/sub events](https://wiki.parity.io/JSONRPC-eth_pubsub-module).

To unsubscribe from a stream of events one needs to use a _Flowable_ instance for a particular events stream:

```java
final Flowable<NewHeadsNotification> events = ...
final Disposable disposable = events.subscribe(...)
disposable.dispose();
```

The methods described above are quite low-level, so we can use _Web3j_ implementation instead:

```java
final WebSocketService webSocketService = ...
final Web3j web3j = Web3j.build(webSocketService)
final Flowable<NewHeadsNotification> notifications = web3j.newHeadsNotifications()
```

It is also possible to use TLS with the WebSocketConnection, remember to change your protocol from `ws` to `wss`. For stricter requirements one can define a custom keystore for their SSL certificates by passing in a modified `WebSocketClient` to the `WebSocketService`:

```java
final WebSocketClient webSocketClient = new WebSocketClient(new URI("<WSS-ENDPOINT>"));

final WebSocketService webSocketService =
        new WebSocketService(webSocketClient, false);

// Load the keystore
final KeyStore ks = KeyStore.getInstance(STORETYPE);
final File kf = new File(KEYSTORE_PATH);
ks.load(new FileInputStream(kf), STOREPASSWORD.toCharArray());
final KeyManagerFactory kmf = KeyManagerFactory.getInstance("SunX509");
kmf.init(ks, KEYPASSWORD.toCharArray());
final TrustManagerFactory tmf = TrustManagerFactory.getInstance("SunX509");
tmf.init(ks);

//Create SSL socket
final SSLContext sslContext = SSLContext.getInstance("TLS");
sslContext.init(kmf.getKeyManagers(), tmf.getTrustManagers(), null);
final SSLSocketFactory sslSocketFactory = sslContext.getSocketFactory();

// Use SSL socket in websocket client
webSocketClient.setSocket(sslSocketFactory.createSocket());
webSocketService.connect();

final Web3j web3j = Web3j.build(webSocketService);
```

Command line tools
------------------

A web3j fat jar is distributed with each release providing command line tools. The command line tools allow you to use some of the functionality of web3j from the command line:

-   Wallet creation
-   Wallet password management
-   Transfer of funds from one wallet to another
-   Generate Solidity smart contract function wrappers

Please refer to the [documentation](command_line_tools.md) for further information.

Further details
---------------

In the Java 8 build:

-   web3j provides type safe access to all responses. Optional or null responses are wrapped in Java 8's [Optional](https://docs.oracle.com/javase/8/docs/api/java/util/Optional.html) type.
-   Asynchronous requests are wrapped in a Java 8 [CompletableFutures](https://docs.oracle.com/javase/8/docs/api/java/util/concurrent/CompletableFuture.html). web3j provides a wrapper around all async requests to ensure that any exceptions during execution will be captured rather then silently discarded. This is due to the lack of support in *CompletableFutures* for checked exceptions, which are often rethrown as unchecked exception causing problems with detection. See the [Async.run()](https://github.com/web3j/web3j/blob/master/core/src/main/java/org/web3j/utils/Async.java) and its associated [test](https://github.com/web3j/web3j/blob/master/core/src/test/java/org/web3j/utils/AsyncTest.java) for details.

In both the Java 8 and Android builds:

-   Quantity payload types are returned as [BigIntegers](https://docs.oracle.com/javase/8/docs/api/java/math/BigInteger.html). For simple results, you can obtain the quantity as a String via [Response](https://github.com/web3j/web3j/blob/master/core/src/main/java/org/web3j/protocol/core/Response.java).getResult().
-   It's also possible to include the raw JSON payload in responses via the *includeRawResponse* parameter, present in the [HttpService](https://github.com/web3j/web3j/blob/master/core/src/main/java/org/web3j/protocol/http/HttpService.java) and [IpcService](https://github.com/web3j/web3j/blob/master/core/src/main/java/org/web3j/protocol/ipc/IpcService.java) classes.

Commit message:

- Update Web3j version - Replace Web3j CLI references with Epirus CLI

docs/getting_started.md, after:

Getting Started
===============

The simplest way to get started with Web3j is via the powerful [Epirus CLI](https://docs.epirus.io/sdk/cli/). 

However, if you wish to configure your project manually, you can follow the steps outlined here.

Add the latest web3j version to your project build configuration.

Maven
-----

Java 8:

``` xml
<dependency>
  <groupId>org.web3j</groupId>
  <artifactId>core</artifactId>
  <version>4.6.1</version>
</dependency>
```

Android:

``` xml
<dependency>
  <groupId>org.web3j</groupId>
  <artifactId>core</artifactId>
  <version>4.6.0-android</version>
</dependency>
```

Gradle
------

Java 8:

``` groovy
compile ('org.web3j:core:4.6.1')
```

Android:

``` groovy
compile ('org.web3j:core:4.6.0-android')
```

Start a client
--------------

Start up an Ethereum client if you don't already have one running.

`Geth <https://github.com/ethereum/go-ethereum/wiki/geth>`_:

.. code-block:: bash

   $ geth --rpcapi personal,db,eth,net,web3 --rpc --testnet

`Besu <http://besu.hyperledger.org/>`_:


.. code-block:: bash

   $ besu ----network=dev



`dev` network uses has `some handy default parameters <https://besu.hyperledger.org/en/stable/Reference/Accounts-for-Testing/#development-mode>`_.


`Parity <https://github.com/paritytech/parity>`_:

.. code-block:: bash

   $ parity --chain testnet


`Infura <https://infura.io/>`_, 
Or use which provides **free clients** running in the cloud:

.. code-block:: java

   Web3j web3 = Web3j.build(new HttpService("https://ropsten.infura.io/your-token"));

For further information refer to
`Using Infura with web3j <https://docs.web3j.io/using_infura_with_web3j/>`_

Instructions on obtaining Ether to transact on the network can be found in the
`testnet section of the docs <https://docs.web3j.io/transactions/#ethereum-testnets>`_.

``` java
web3.shutdown()
```

Start sending requests
----------------------

To send synchronous requests:

```java
Web3j web3 = Web3j.build(new HttpService());  // defaults to http://localhost:8545/
Web3ClientVersion web3ClientVersion = web3.web3ClientVersion().send();
String clientVersion = web3ClientVersion.getWeb3ClientVersion();
```

To send asynchronous requests using a CompletableFuture (Future on Android):

```java
Web3j web3 = Web3j.build(new HttpService());  // defaults to http://localhost:8545/
Web3ClientVersion web3ClientVersion = web3.web3ClientVersion().sendAsync().get();
String clientVersion = web3ClientVersion.getWeb3ClientVersion();
```

To use an RxJava Flowable:

```java
Web3j web3 = Web3j.build(new HttpService());  // defaults to http://localhost:8545/
web3.web3ClientVersion().flowable().subscribe(x -> {
    String clientVersion = x.getWeb3ClientVersion();
    ...
});
```

IPC
---

web3j also supports fast inter-process communication (IPC) via file sockets to clients running on the same host as web3j. To connect simply use the relevant *IpcService* implementation instead of *HttpService*
when you create your service:

``` java
// OS X/Linux/Unix:
Web3j web3 = Web3j.build(new UnixIpcService("/path/to/socketfile"));
...

// Windows
Web3j web3 = Web3j.build(new WindowsIpcService("/path/to/namedpipefile"));
...
```

**Note:** IPC is not available on *web3j-android*.

Working with smart contracts with Java smart contract wrappers 
--------------------------------------------------------------

web3j can auto-generate smart contract wrapper code to deploy and interact with smart contracts without leaving the JVM.

To generate the wrapper code, compile your smart contract:

``` bash
$ solc <contract>.sol --bin --abi --optimize -o <output-dir>/
```

Then generate the wrapper code using the [Epirus CLI](https://docs.epirus.io/sdk/cli/):

``` bash
epirus solidity generate -b /path/to/<smart-contract>.bin -a /path/to/<smart-contract>.abi -o /path/to/src/main/java -p com.your.organisation.name
```

Now you can create and deploy your smart contract:

```java
Web3j web3 = Web3j.build(new HttpService());  // defaults to http://localhost:8545/
Credentials credentials = WalletUtils.loadCredentials("password", "/path/to/walletfile");

YourSmartContract contract = YourSmartContract.deploy(
        <web3j>, <credentials>,
        GAS_PRICE, GAS_LIMIT,
        <param1>, ..., <paramN>).send();  // constructor params
```

Or use an existing contract:

```java
YourSmartContract contract = YourSmartContract.load(
        "0x<address>|<ensName>", <web3j>, <credentials>, GAS_PRICE, GAS_LIMIT);
```

To transact with a smart contract:

```java
TransactionReceipt transactionReceipt = contract.someMethod(
             <param1>,
             ...).send();
```

To call a smart contract:

```java
Type result = contract.someMethod(<param1>, ...).send();
```

For more information refer to [Solidity smart contract wrappers](smart_contracts.md#solidity-smart-contract-wrappers).

Filters
-------

web3j functional-reactive nature makes it really simple to setup observers that notify subscribers of events taking place on the blockchain.

To receive all new blocks as they are added to the blockchain:

```java
Subscription subscription = web3j.blockFlowable(false).subscribe(block -> {
    ...
});
```

To receive all new transactions as they are added to the blockchain:

```java
Subscription subscription = web3j.transactionFlowable().subscribe(tx -> {
    ...
});
```

To receive all pending transactions as they are submitted to the network (i.e. before they have been grouped into a block together):

```java
Subscription subscription = web3j.pendingTransactionFlowable().subscribe(tx -> {
    ...
});
```

Or, if you'd rather replay all blocks to the most current, and be notified of new subsequent blocks being created:

```java
Subscription subscription = replayPastAndFutureBlocksFlowable(
        <startBlockNumber>, <fullTxObjects>)
        .subscribe(block -> {
            ...
});
```

There are a number of other transaction and block replay Flowables described in [Filters and Events](filters_and_events.md).

Topic filters are also supported:

```java
EthFilter filter = new EthFilter(DefaultBlockParameterName.EARLIEST,
        DefaultBlockParameterName.LATEST, <contract-address>)
             .addSingleTopic(...)|.addOptionalTopics(..., ...)|...;
web3j.ethLogFlowable(filter).subscribe(log -> {
    ...
});
```

Subscriptions should always be cancelled when no longer required:

```Java
subscription.unsubscribe();
```

**Note:** filters are not supported on Infura.

For further information refer to [Filters and Events](filters_and_events.md) and the [Web3jRx](https://github.com/web3j/web3j/blob/master/core/src/main/java/org/web3j/protocol/rx/Web3jRx.java) interface.

Transactions
------------

web3j provides support for both working with Ethereum wallet files (*recommended*) and Ethereum client admin commands for sending transactions.

To send Ether to another party using your Ethereum wallet file:

```Java
Web3j web3 = Web3j.build(new HttpService());  // defaults to http://localhost:8545/
Credentials credentials = WalletUtils.loadCredentials("password", "/path/to/walletfile");
TransactionReceipt transactionReceipt = Transfer.sendFunds(
        web3, credentials, "0x<address>|<ensName>",
        BigDecimal.valueOf(1.0), Convert.Unit.ETHER)
        .send();
```

Or if you wish to create your own custom transaction:

```Java
Web3j web3 = Web3j.build(new HttpService());  // defaults to http://localhost:8545/
Credentials credentials = WalletUtils.loadCredentials("password", "/path/to/walletfile");

// get the next available nonce
EthGetTransactionCount ethGetTransactionCount = web3j.ethGetTransactionCount(
             address, DefaultBlockParameterName.LATEST).send();
BigInteger nonce = ethGetTransactionCount.getTransactionCount();

// create our transaction
RawTransaction rawTransaction  = RawTransaction.createEtherTransaction(
             nonce, <gas price>, <gas limit>, <toAddress>, <value>);

// sign & send our transaction
byte[] signedMessage = TransactionEncoder.signMessage(rawTransaction, credentials);
String hexValue = Numeric.toHexString(signedMessage);
EthSendTransaction ethSendTransaction = web3j.ethSendRawTransaction(hexValue).send();
// ...
```

Although it's far simpler using web3j's [Transfer](https://github.com/web3j/web3j/blob/master/core/src/main/java/org/web3j/tx/Transfer.java) for transacting with Ether.

Using an Ethereum client's admin commands (make sure you have your wallet in the client's keystore):

```Java
Admin web3j = Admin.build(new HttpService());  // defaults to http://localhost:8545/
PersonalUnlockAccount personalUnlockAccount = web3j.personalUnlockAccount("0x000...", "a password").sendAsync().get();
if (personalUnlockAccount.accountUnlocked()) {
    // send a transaction
}
```

If you want to make use of Parity's [Personal](https://github.com/paritytech/parity/wiki/JSONRPC-personal-module) or [Trace](https://github.com/paritytech/parity/wiki/JSONRPC-trace-module), or Geth's [Personal](https://github.com/ethereum/go-ethereum/wiki/Management-APIs#personal) client APIs, you can use the *org.web3j:parity* and *org.web3j:geth* modules respectively.

Publish/Subscribe (pub/sub)
---------------------------

Ethereum clients implement the [pub/sub](https://github.com/ethereum/go-ethereum/wiki/RPC-PUB-SUB) mechanism that provides the capability to subscribe to events from the network, allowing these clients to take custom actions as needed. In doing so it alleviates the need to use polling and is more efficient. This is achieved by using the WebSocket protocol instead of HTTP protocol.

Pub/Sub methods are available via the _WebSocketService_ class, and allows the client to:

-   send an RPC call over WebSocket protocol
-   subscribe to WebSocket events
-   unsubscribe from a stream of events

To create an instance of the _WebSocketService_ class you need to first to create an instance of the _WebSocketClient_ that connects to an Ethereum client via WebSocket protocol, and then pass it to the _WebSocketService_ constructor:

```Java
final WebSocketClient webSocketClient = new WebSocketClient(new URI("ws://localhost/"));
final boolean includeRawResponses = false;
final WebSocketService webSocketService = new WebSocketService(webSocketClient, includeRawResponses)
```

To send an RPC request using the WebSocket protocol one need to use the _sendAsync_ method on the _WebSocketService_ instance:

```java
// Request to get a version of an Ethereum client
final Request<?, Web3ClientVersion> request = new Request<>(
     // Name of an RPC method to call
     "web3_clientVersion",
     // Parameters for the method. "web3_clientVersion" does not expect any
     Collections.<String>emptyList(),
     // Service that is used to send a request
     webSocketService,
     // Type of an RPC call to get an Ethereum client version
     Web3ClientVersion.class);

// Send an asynchronous request via WebSocket protocol
final CompletableFuture<Web3ClientVersion> reply = webSocketService.sendAsync(
                request,
                Web3ClientVersion.class);

// Get result of the reply
final Web3ClientVersion clientVersion = reply.get();
```

To use synchronous communication (i.e send a request and await a
response) one would need to use the _sync_ method instead:

```java
// Send a (synchronous) request via WebSocket protocol
final Web3ClientVersion clientVersion = webSocketService.send(
                request,
                Web3ClientVersion.class);
```

To subscribe to WebSocket events _WebSocketService_ provides the _subscribe_ method. _subscribe_ returns an
instance of the [Flowable](http://reactivex.io/RxJava/2.x/javadoc/io/reactivex/Flowable.html) interface from the RxJava library, which allows the processing of incoming events from an Ethereum network as a reactive stream.

To subscribe to a stream of events you should use _WebSocketService_ to send an RPC method via WebSocket; this is usually _eth_subscribe_. Events that it subscribes to depend on parameters to the _eth_subscribe_ method. You can find more in the [RPC documentation](https://github.com/ethereum/go-ethereum/wiki/RPC-PUB-SUB#supported-subscriptions):

```java
// A request to subscribe to a stream of events
final Request<?, EthSubscribe> subscribeRequest = new Request<>(
    // RPC method to subscribe to events
    "eth_subscribe",
    // Parameters that specify what events to subscribe to
    Arrays.asList("newHeads", Collections.emptyMap()),
    // Service that is used to send a request
    webSocketService,
    EthSubscribe.class);

final Flowable<NewHeadsNotification> events = webSocketService.subscribe(
     subscribeRequest,
     // RPC method that should be used to unsubscribe from events
     "eth_unsubscribe",
     // Type of events returned by a request
     NewHeadsNotification.class
);

// Subscribe to incoming events and process incoming events
final Disposable disposable = events.subscribe(event -> {
    // Process new heads event
});
```

Notice that we need to provide a name of a method to _WebSocketService_ that needs to be called to unsubscribe from a stream of events. This is because different Ethereum clients may have different methods to unsubscribe from particular events. For example, the Parity client requires use of the
_parity_unsubscribe_ method to unsubscribe from [pub/sub events](https://wiki.parity.io/JSONRPC-eth_pubsub-module).

To unsubscribe from a stream of events one needs to use a _Flowable_ instance for a particular events stream:

```java
final Flowable<NewHeadsNotification> events = ...
final Disposable disposable = events.subscribe(...)
disposable.dispose();
```

The methods described above are quite low-level, so we can use _Web3j_ implementation instead:

```java
final WebSocketService webSocketService = ...
final Web3j web3j = Web3j.build(webSocketService)
final Flowable<NewHeadsNotification> notifications = web3j.newHeadsNotifications()
```

TLS over Websockets
-------------------

It is also possible to use TLS with the WebSocketConnection, remember to change your protocol from `ws` to `wss`. For stricter requirements one can define a custom keystore for their SSL certificates by passing in a modified `WebSocketClient` to the `WebSocketService`:

```java
final WebSocketClient webSocketClient = new WebSocketClient(new URI("<WSS-ENDPOINT>"));

final WebSocketService webSocketService =
        new WebSocketService(webSocketClient, false);

// Load the keystore
final KeyStore ks = KeyStore.getInstance(STORETYPE);
final File kf = new File(KEYSTORE_PATH);
ks.load(new FileInputStream(kf), STOREPASSWORD.toCharArray());
final KeyManagerFactory kmf = KeyManagerFactory.getInstance("SunX509");
kmf.init(ks, KEYPASSWORD.toCharArray());
final TrustManagerFactory tmf = TrustManagerFactory.getInstance("SunX509");
tmf.init(ks);

// Create SSL socket
final SSLContext sslContext = SSLContext.getInstance("TLS");
sslContext.init(kmf.getKeyManagers(), tmf.getTrustManagers(), null);
final SSLSocketFactory sslSocketFactory = sslContext.getSocketFactory();

// Use SSL socket in websocket client
webSocketClient.setSocket(sslSocketFactory.createSocket());
webSocketService.connect();

final Web3j web3j = Web3j.build(webSocketService);
```

Command line tools
------------------

The Epirus CLI is updated with each Web3j release allowing you to use some of the key features of Web3j from a CLI:

-   Wallet creation
-   Wallet password management
-   Transfer of funds from one wallet to another
-   Generate Solidity smart contract function wrappers

Please refer to the [documentation](https://docs.epirus.io/sdk/cli/) for further information.

Further details
---------------

In the Java 8 build:

-   web3j provides type safe access to all responses. Optional or null responses are wrapped in Java 8's [Optional](https://docs.oracle.com/javase/8/docs/api/java/util/Optional.html) type.
-   Asynchronous requests are wrapped in a Java 8 [CompletableFutures](https://docs.oracle.com/javase/8/docs/api/java/util/concurrent/CompletableFuture.html). web3j provides a wrapper around all async requests to ensure that any exceptions during execution will be captured rather then silently discarded. This is due to the lack of support in *CompletableFutures* for checked exceptions, which are often rethrown as unchecked exception causing problems with detection. See the [Async.run()](https://github.com/web3j/web3j/blob/master/core/src/main/java/org/web3j/utils/Async.java) and its associated [test](https://github.com/web3j/web3j/blob/master/core/src/test/java/org/web3j/utils/AsyncTest.java) for details.

In both the Java 8 and Android builds:

-   Quantity payload types are returned as [BigIntegers](https://docs.oracle.com/javase/8/docs/api/java/math/BigInteger.html). For simple results, you can obtain the quantity as a String via [Response](https://github.com/web3j/web3j/blob/master/core/src/main/java/org/web3j/protocol/core/Response.java).getResult().
-   It's also possible to include the raw JSON payload in responses via the *includeRawResponse* parameter, present in the [HttpService](https://github.com/web3j/web3j/blob/master/core/src/main/java/org/web3j/protocol/http/HttpService.java) and [IpcService](https://github.com/web3j/web3j/blob/master/core/src/main/java/org/web3j/protocol/ipc/IpcService.java) classes.
